Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
As someone who has alienated
followers
by choosing
the unpopular course,
I suggest you tread carefully
among your people.
They will come after you.
I need you to authorize
clearance for someone
to get inside
the bunker.
Once he's inside,
he'll carry the ball.
You mean, kill the President?
REED:
We have a cover.
A cover? Who?
Assad.
Assad?
You're trying to make it look
like he did this?
This is Tom Lennox.
I need to speak
to the ranking
Secret Service agent on site.
(groans)
Carson wondered
if you were playing us.
He said that he didn't want
to bring you into this,
but I defended you!
Nothing justifies
the killing of a president.
The delivery system software
was programmed for
five high-priority targets.
Because of your carelessness,
we are now down to three.
More than enough for
our needs, Gredenko.
I don't want to be exposed
like this
any longer than necessary.
Do you think the authorities
know we're working with Fayed?
If they don't, they will soon.
Bill, it's Jack.
I've got the correct address
for Gredenko's safe house.
BUCHANAN:
Turner's team will be there
any minute.
Clear!
AGENT:
Mr. Buchanan, there's no sign
of Gredenko or anyone.
(gasps)
Now you talk.
That was from Gredenko.
You tipped him off.
Now over half
my team is dead!
It wasn't Gredenko
on the phone.
Those aren't his men!
Who sent them?!
Your father!
He has my son!
Take a look out the window.
The adjacent roof.
JACK:
Dad, it's over!
There is no empire to protect.
There's no legacy left.
I'm the one you want.
You let Josh go,
I will surrender.
You could have had it all.
What are you waiting for?
Do it!
Who am I talking to?
It's Charles Logan, Jack.
You must have exhausted
all your options
to find Gredenko.
Come and see me.
And come alone.
GREDENKO:
Go ahead.
We're on our way
to the rendezvous.
Good. We've arrived.
Is the shipment there
from Nevada?
No, they are behind schedule.
But they'll be here
any moment.
How soon can you deploy
once we arrive?
It will take us two
hours to assemble
the delivery system
and run diagnostics,
another hour
to secure the payload.
That's longer
than I'd hoped.
Listen, we are working
with the best technology.
It can't be rushed.
Just remember,
without us you'd be delivering
your payload in weeks
instead of hours.
I haven't forgotten.
It seems necessary
to remind you now and then.
(scoffs)
I'll be glad
when we no longer
have to deal
with these people.
They are living
in the Dark Ages.
And they act
like they own the world.
I'd much rather
be fighting them.
If we succeed today,
we'll never have to.
The Arabs and the West,
they'll destroy each other.
The Ambassador just
arrived, Mr. President.
He's in the waiting area.
Good.
Will Tom Lennox
be joining us?
I spoke
to Reed Pollock.
He says Mr. Lennox
is briefing the Speaker
and Minority Leader.
When Tom's finished,
tell him I want
to see him, please.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Ambassador.
It's good to see you
again, sir.
Mr. President, first allow me
to express my country's shock
and deep regret
over the devastating
attack in California.
Thank you, sir.
Of course.
Any assistance
you may require,
you need only ask.
I'm asking you now, sir.
That's why you're here.
I believe you know
Hamri Al-Assad.
Mr. Ambassador.
I have never met Mr. Assad
in person,
but I know him
by reputation.
His organization
has carried out repeated
terrorist actions
against my country.
Your own policies
precipitated those actions.
That's your justification
for killing innocent people?
You and I define innocent
in different ways.
My own deputy lost
his seven-year-old son
in one of your bombings.
That is how I define innocent.
We are not here
to air past differences.
Then why are we here,
Mr. President?
At our last meeting,
I informed you that we were in
contact with Assad.
You told me it was
a positive step
toward peace.
And I meant it
at that time,
but I must confess,
after the last attack,
I didn't expect to see you
in the same room with him.
And I'm not so sure
I care
to remain here either.
It is no more pleasant for me,
Your Excellency.
Would you give us a moment?
Certainly.
Assad is here because
of the attack.
To be frank, sir,
we have three more nuclear
weapons loose in my country
in the hands of terrorists.
We didn't know that.
In less than one hour
Assad is going
to go on national television
and issue a statement.
It will be a global
appeal to extremists.
Now, he's going to urge
them to put down their arms
and engage
in peaceful
negotiation
with the West.
Now, we are hoping to compel
someone to come forward
with any information
regarding those nuclear weapons.
A petition like this
coming from Assad?
It could have a
profound effect.
We're counting on that.
What do you need from us?
I want a public statement
of support
from your Prime Minister.
And I want it to follow
right on the heels of Assad's.
Mr. Assad is a polarizing
figure in my country.
A public endorsement
of him could have
grave political consequences
for the Prime Minister.
Then you tell
your Prime Minister
that we have
a carrier group
operating less
than 25 miles off his shores.
My advisors
are pressing me
hard for a military response,
so if we are attacked again,
I won't be able
to hold them off.
This is sounding like an
ultimatum, Mr. President.
It's not an ultimatum,
Mr. Ambassador.
I'm merely pointing out the fact
that neither the Prime Minister
nor I have the luxury
of worrying
about political consequences
on a day like today.
I am putting
my presidency
on the line,
so please, stop
handing me excuses.
Get on the phone
and make this happen.
Nadia, what's the status?
Turner's team just completed
their second sweep of the house.
But the results
were negative.
If Gredenko was using
this address,
he did a really good job
cleaning up after he left.
There was one
operating land line.
Morris is checking on
the router to see if there's
any recent activity.
Morris?
Morris?!
Yes.
Any luck on
the land line?
No. I mean, not yet.
They must have used
an inverter
to stack their calls
'cause I can't get
any records out.
MARCY:
Mr. Buchanan,
Jack Bauer's on the line.
Go ahead, Jack.
Bill, I'm near the airport
across the street
from the Grandmont Hotel.
I know. What's going on?
It's complicated.
Are the units dispatched?
We have two units
on the way to the Grandmont.
I'll have them meet you.
Okay, I want you
to contact LAPD.
Have them set up a five-block
perimeter around the hotel.
They need to locate my father
and take him into custody.
Your father?
He's involved in this.
I'll debrief you as soon
as we've got time.
Were you able to pick up
anything on Gredenko?
No.
The Glasgow Street house
was deserted.
We're processing it for clues,
but so far we've come up empty.
We can't be sure Gredenko
was even there.
I think I might
have a lead.
What is it?
Charles Logan.
Logan?
I spoke to him.
He says he has
information on Gredenko.
How the hell did you trace
this to Logan?
Through my father.
Bill, I need you
to get me a helicopter
that can take me to him.
He's at his retreat
in Hidden Valley.
He's under house arrest.
House arrest?
How was that possible?
He was involved in the murder
of David Palmer.
He brokered a closed-door deal.
He plead guilty
to obstruction of justice.
The public never
even knew of his
involvement in
aiding terrorists
or David Palmer's
assassination.
Give me that helicopter.
We have one in the area.
Shouldn't take more
than a couple of minutes
to have it rerouted
to your location.
Thank you.
Marilyn.
Jack.
What happened?
My father escaped.
I don't know where he is.
He might be
in the area.
I want you both
to go back to CTU.
Josh, I know
that there's a lot
to explain,
and I promise you
when this is over,
you and I are
going to sit down
and I will talk you through
what happened.
Okay.
Let's go.
You're not coming with us?
No, Gredenko wasn't
at the house.
I need to follow up
another lead.
Take these people
back to CTU.
Yes, sir.
Josh, get in.
Jack...
thank you.
Thank you
for saving my son.
He reminds me of you.
You can see it in his eyes.
Marilyn, please,
you have to go.
Okay.
Gentlemen.
Sign in, sirs.
We'll need to process you
again,
Mr. Carson.
Of course.
What's your occupation?
I'm a policy analyst
with the
Stanton Institute.
State your business here.
I'm here to consult on
civil defense procedures.
At the request
of Tom Lennox.
Test, one, two, three.
(recording):
Thank you, sirs.
Thank you.
We've got a problem.
Tom Lennox tried to warn
Secret Service about us.
What?!
I stopped him before he was able
to alert anyone.
But I had
to restrain him.
You said that Lennox
was on board with the plan.
I thought
that he was.
Either he's changed
his mind or you're
right and he's been playing us
all along. Regardless,
we're gonna have
to deal with it.
Son of a bitch.
We've got to move him.
I'm going to need this space.
Get me some tape.
Let's go, over here.
Sit down,
hands behind your back.
We're going to have
to take care of him.
Make it look
like a suicide.
No.
No. Listen, eliminating
President Palmer
is for the good of the country,
all right?
It's the only way to get
him out of office.
Killing Tom Lennox
only benefits us.
We don't have any choice.
Listen.
Tom Lennox is a very smart man.
Now I think that once
Vice President Daniels
is holding the reins, and
enacting the policies
that Lennox himself created,
we can convince him
to keep quiet.
I'm not gambling my life on
Lennox's good judgment.
Look, it's a risk,
but it is a risk that
I'm willing to take.
We're not cold-blooded
murderers.
We're just trying
to save our country.
Either way,
we do not have time
to resolve this now.
Assad goes before the
cameras within an hour.
You said it would
take 25 minutes
for you to
assemble this?
25 to 30.
Then you better
get started now.
If we're going to frame
Assad for the assassination,
then this bomb has to explode
when they're both together.
--Reed.
Yes, Melinda.
I'm still waiting
for the briefing stats
that Tom promised me.
Well Tom just e-mailed
them to you.
They should be on your
screen by the time
you're back at your desk.
By the way, is Tom
in his office?
Uh, no, no.
Um, no, Tom is down
in Conference B.
He's meeting with some
policy analysts from Langley.
I just came from Conference B.
Secret Service is
meeting in there.
Well, they must have switched
to another room, then.
Listen, I'll try to
track Tom down for you.
(sighs)
What is it, Morris?
I have to uplink these traffic
vectors to the Homeland sub-net.
I've been trying,
I've been trying
and it just won't go through.
Check your S.I.P. adapter.
What about my S.I.P. adapter?
You've specified the
wrong slot assignment.
Oh, what an idiot.
Thank you.
That'll work.
Did you call your sponsor?
I'm getting tired of you
giving me the third degree.
Yeah, well, I covered for you.
I didn't tell anyone
you took a drink.
I didn't take a drink--
I spat it out.
I told you.
You promised me you'd
call your sponsor.
And I did.
Well?
We had this
long talk.
I feel a lot better,
really.
You're not acting like it.
Why don't we install
a breathalyzer at
my work station?
Will that satisfy you?
I just want to make
sure you're okay.
I helped terrorists arm
a nuclear bomb today.
I'm not going to be okay
for a long time.
That doesn't mean to say
I can't do my job.
Now if you'll
excuse me,
I have to swap out
this server port.
Where's Morris?
He's swapping out
a server port.
He's supposed to be checking on
Gredenko's landline.
Well, he's juggling
a lot right now.
Being short-handed,
we're all trying
to pick up the slack.
Now, I'm wondering
if it's more than that.
What?
Look, he's been tortured.
He's under a lot
of stress.
Maybe he should
be pulled.
Yeah, he's a little
upset, but he's
still better than 90%
of the tech people
we have around here.
We need Morris
on the floor.
All right, Chloe,
but I'm keeping my eye on him.
If I see anything else
I don't like,
I go to Buchanan.
Fine.
( recording ):
Hi, this is Jeannie.
I'm not here right now,
but please leave a message
and the time of day you called
and I'll get back to you.
Hi, Jeannie,
this is Chloe O'Brian.
You don't know me,
but I'm Morris's ex-wife.
Could you call me back
as soon as possible?
It's important.
I'm at (310) 597-3781.
Thank you.
Nadia, Jack will be
arriving at Logan's
estate any moment.
I want tac teams
on alert
and prepped
for redeployment.
Yes, sir.
We're out of leads.
Let's hope Jack can get
something from Logan.
Could we have a moment, please?
Must have been hard
for you to find out
about your father's
involvement
in all of this.
I'm not here to talk
about my father.
Dmitri Gredenko--
what do you know about him?
I know Gredenko
supplied Fayed
with five Russian
tactical nukes,
one of which exploded
this morning in Valencia.
One of which you managed
to disarm,
so that leaves us three
we need to recover.
That's correct.
I get regular intelligence
updates.
And I still have
my sources.
So you need Gredenko
to find Fayed.
Can you help us?
Yes, I can.
But you want some kind
of plea agreement.
You're unbelievable.
I don't blame you
for thinking that, Jack.
But I want you to know
that I'm not the same man
that I was
two years ago.
Just as you're not
the same man
who was dragged away
and thrown into
a Chinese prison.
I've changed. I've had time
to think about what I did.
I have reconnected
with my faith.
So, no, I don't want a pardon.
And I wouldn't accept it if it
was offered to me.
What do you want?
Nothing.
I want to give you the
information you need
with no conditions.
I'm listening.
I never dealt with
Gredenko directly,
but I know how
we can find him.
How?
Through Anatoly Markov.
He's the Russian Consul General,
here in Los Angeles.
CTU contacted the Consul General
as soon as we saw Gredenko's
name on the list.
He denied any knowledge
of his whereabouts.
Markov's lying.
He's been the liaison
for Gredenko for years.
Liaison for what?
For business concerns looking
to acquire
the products that
Gredenko provides.
No, don't.
Don't make the
wrong play, Jack.
Now if you go down
official channels,
you'll end up
in a hopeless maze.
Markov has friends
in the highest levels
of the Russian government.
They can protect him
indefinitely.
If you want to access
what he knows
right now,
you need to go through
back channels.
What back channels?
Me. I'm your best chance to get
the information you need
in the time frame
you need it.
What are you proposing?
That I speak
to Markov myself,
in person.
Why would Markov
talk to you?
Because I have leverage.
Markov was involved
in the conspiracy
that put me where I am today.
I didn't give him up.
But he knows I still can.
I don't trust you.
--Go ahead, Jack.
Mr. President, thank you
for taking my call.
You said it was urgent.
I think we have a way
of finding Gredenko.
It was my understanding
that we lost Gredenko.
Are you telling me
we have a new lead?
Yes, sir.
Mr. President,
the lead is Charles Logan.
Logan?
Yes, sir.
I'm with him now.
He claims that his
administration had
dealings with Gredenko,
and that he has a contact
that will lead us to him.
Who?
AAnatolyotoly Markov-- the
Russian
Consul in Los Angeles.
When we learned
about Gredenko, Jack,
I placed a call
to the Consulate myself.
Now that's a dead end.
Not according to Logan.
He wants to meet with Markov
in the Consulate in person.
He says that's the only way
that we can get the information
we need.
Jack... Logan is under
house arrest.
That's why I'm calling you,
Mr. President.
We need an executive order
granting Logan
a temporary furlough.
Do you realize what
you're asking me?
Logan was behind the
assassination of my brother.
Sir, I would not be calling
if I didn't think
this was necessary.
I don't trust
this man, Jack.
This could be some maneuver on
his part to gain his freedom.
I think we need
to take a chance on him,
and I will enter
the Consulate with Logan
as part of his
security detail.
Besides that, I think
he's after something else.
And what exactly
would that be?
Redemption.
Jack, I have no desire
to facilitate
any kind of redemption
for Charles Logan.
Mr. President, right now I think
he's the only way
we're going to find Gredenko
and the bombs.
Put him on.
He wants to talk to you.
Hello, Mr. President.
I want to hear it
from your lips.
Tell me why
I should agree to this.
Because you need me,
Mr. President.
It's as simple as that.
I can speak
to the Russian Consul myself.
Yes, sir, you could do that,
but with all due respect,
you'd be wasting your time.
I have a prior relationship
with Markov that...
we can exploit.
Again, with due respect, sir,
I have more experience
dealing with people
of Markov's character.
You mean criminals
like yourself?
I know how he thinks,
and that's an advantage
you can't afford to ignore.
I want you to know that
if this is some kind of
move to escape custody,
I will commit
the resources
of my administration
to hunt you down.
I can assure you,
Mr. President,
I have nothing
like that in mind.
Several years ago,
I was in the same situation,
and I... reached out
to your brother for counsel.
David helped me successfully
navigate that crisis.
Yes. He did.
And you repaid him
by killing him.
I would like to do for you
what your brother did for me.
I would like to help you
get through this.
Don't make the mistake
of assuming
this represents any kind
of forgiveness on my part.
I understand that,
Mr. President,
but I hope over time
to earn your forgiveness.
Put Jack on the phone.
Yes, Mr. President?
I'm granting the furlough.
Just make it count, Jack.
I'll do my best.
Thank you, Mr. President.
This isn't easy for
you, is it, Jack?
What?
The possibility I may not be
the same man
you've hated for so long.
You're late.
Did you have any trouble?
We had to bypass a vehicle
inspection in Riverside.
Other than that,
we had a smooth trip.
Good. Let's have a look.
Open up.
The U.S. military
has spent millions
to develop this drone.
Today American taxpayers
will get a demonstration of...
what their money
has produced.
According to Charles
Logan, Anatoly Markov,
the head of the Russian
Consulate in Los Angeles,
has information on Gredenko.
Logan and Bauer
are going to see Markov now.
I want comm locked
on any communication outside
and possibly inside
the Consulate.
Morris,
are you still the lead
on decoding diplomatic
communication
leaving the Consulate?
Yes.
I want you to hand that over
to Chloe.
Why?
Because of what you've
been through today.
I'm not sure
you can handle it,
and we can't afford
any mistakes.
Look, I'm perf...
Chloe, I want you
to take over Morris's
workload on the Consulate.
Hold on a second.
It's okay, Morris.
No.
No, no, it's not okay.
It's-It's not okay. I...
I'd like to say
something to everyone.
I'm very sorry that I gave the
reprogramming device to Fayed.
If I could take it
back, I would,
but I can't.
And if you don't think
I can do my job,
Mr. Buchanan, then
I should leave.
But I can do my job.
Okay, Morris.
Give your task
full priority.
Thank you.
Mr. Buchanan, I have to disagree
with your decision.
I'm sorry, Morris,
but I just don't
think you're ready.
Your objection is noted, Nadia.
My decision stands.
You're wasting your energy.
And you're distracting me.
The President's gonna die.
There's nothing
you can do about it.
People are starting
to ask questions
about Tom's whereabouts.
Are you on schedule?
I told you the bomb would
be ready in 30 minutes,
and I meant it.
Okay.
(exhales)
Is there a problem?
No.
You can't go soft
on us now, Reed.
REED:
No, it's...
it's just starting to hit me.
(sighs):
What we're about to do.
My God...
we're killing the President
of the United States.
We're trying to
save this country.
--Chloe, look at the function
prototypes on Morris's report.
What's the problem?
Take a look.
You mean the missing sectors?
Yes, the missing sectors.
Did Buchanan
make a mistake
by reinstating Morris too soon?
No. The Pentagon put
a file lock on these items.
I told him we could
back-fill them later.
It's not gonna be
to anyone's benefit
if you're covering for him.
I'm not.
Fine.
Morris, I need you
to tell me the truth.
Have you been drinking?
I just had a couple
of beers, love.
I didn't think
anyone would mind.
Don't be sarcastic.
Your data merge is incomplete.
I had to cover for you.
I just told Nadia...
Whoa, wait.
What was incomplete?
Look.
Oh, for crying out loud,
these sectors are irrelevant.
I only fill them in when
I file my final report.
You know that Nadia
wants these completed.
Nadia only wants to
prove to Buchanan
that she was right and
that I shouldn't be here.
No one is out to get you.
Look, even I know
that I shouldn't be here.
There's a big part of me
that wants to go home,
crawl into bed and forget
this day ever happened.
But I'm staying,
because CTU needs me.
(sighs)
"He brought me out
of a horrible pit,
"set my feet upon a rock...
and established my goings."
One step at a time, Charles.
One step at a time.
Logan's almost ready--
we should be able
to get to the Consulate
within 45 minutes.
What have you got on Markov?
We ran his name through
the interagency sub-net.
He's a career diplomat.
Assigned Consul General in '96.
Prior to that,
worked in the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs
for the Russian Federation.
No red flags from NSA,
Interpol or CIA.
As far as they're concerned,
he's clean.
Jack, what if Logan
isn't telling the truth?
We're out of options--
I have to trust him.
You know, we have
no jurisdiction
at the Consulate.
Just make sure you have
teams ready in case
Logan's lead pans out.
All right.
O'Brian.
Chloe, contact
the Highway Patrol.
Have them clear
a ground corridor
from Logan's estate
to the Russian Consulate.
Yes, sir.
(phone rings)
(Chloe sighs)
Hello?
Yeah, hi. This is Jeannie.
You left me a message?
Yeah. Thanks
for getting back to me.
So, what can I do for you?
Look, I know you talked
to Morris earlier,
and that this is probably
way out of line
and against
your confidentiality agreement,
but it's just,
I'm really worried about him.
I-I'm sorry, I haven't
spoken to Morris
since I left the program
three years ago.
Hello?
Okay.
Sorry to bother you.
Have you seen Morris?
No. I'm sorry.
(sighs)
Is Morris down there?
MAN:
I haven't seen him.
Morris?
Chloe?
Morris, what are you
doing in there?
What? Wait.
Open the door!
What the bloody hell
is going on?
I called your
sponsor, Jeannie.
She said she
hasn't talked
to you in three years.
Are you out of your
bleeding mind?!
I trusted you-- I put my
job on the line for you.
You lied to me.
I didn't lie to you.
Yes, you did.
I didn't lie to you--
Jeannie's not
my sponsor anymore;
Ted is.
Ted?
Yeah.
Remember Ted with the hair?
He's my sponsor.
I called him
just like I told you.
Check if you want--
I'll give you his number.
Not now!
I don't know what to say.
I was worried about you.
Marching into a men's room
isn't worried, it's obsessed.
Now, I appreciate
your concern.
I love your concern.
But, darling,
you have to take a look
at what's going on in your head.
It's not pretty.
Sorry.
(sighs)
Mr. President.
From the Attorney General, sir.
The executive order
authorizing
President Logan's release.
Thank you, Melinda.
The communications
director
wanted you to know
that they'll be ready
for an on-camera
rehearsal with Assad
in five minutes.
Fine.
Melinda?
Have we heard
from Tom Lennox?
No, sir.
I've been trying him.
There's no answer at his office.
Find him. I want him present
for Assad's statement.
Yes, sir.
(coughing)
(coughing continues)
Sir.
I'm gonna take
that off of you,
and I'm gonna
clean up that cut,
but if you try
to call out,
Carson will kill you
and I cannot stop him.
Do you understand?
Okay.
(coughing continues)
You have got to put
a stop to this, Reed.
No, Mr. Lennox.
When this is done and the
President is out of the way,
I think that you will
see things differently.
see that this is...
better for
our country.
No, you're going to destroy
this country, Reed.
You're just as bad as Fayed.
No, no.
There must have been a moment
when you were
onboard with this plan.
Were you playing us
from the beginning?
Hmm?
Were you?
Or did you change
your mind along the way?
I need to know.
Then know this.
I was against you
from the start.
(phone ringing)
That's...
...very disappointing.
Hello.
Yes, hello, Melinda.
Oh, yes, I'm just
with Tom right now.
He's just
finishing the briefing.
You know, I-I understand.
I will let Mr. Lennox
know right away.
Okay? Thanks.
The President is
asking for Lennox.
We've gotta move.
I'm almost done.
Finished.
It's armed.
Okay.
Now...
this is the detonator.
Press 6-2-4-Enter, and a
signal will activate the bomb.
Okay. 6-2-4-Enter.
Once the signal's been sent,
it'll take 15 seconds
for the chemicals to intermix.
The kill radius
is only ten feet.
Make sure Palmer's inside it.
You sure you can do it?
I'm the only one who can get
close enough to that podium
without attracting attention.
I can do this.
--All right, everyone,
rehearsal's up in five minutes.
Please notify the President.
(clearing throat)
Excuse me, could we have
some water for
the podium?
Sure.
Thank you.
The President
is traveling.
Before we continue,
I would just like to
express my appreciation.
You're taking a great
risk, Mr. President.
You and I both
are sharing that risk, sir,
and maybe that,
in and of itself,
is something
of a victory.
I just hope that someone
will listen to our appeal.
You sound skeptical.
The people we're
trying to reach, they
abandoned the political process
a long time ago.
All we need to do
is create a foundation...
to build on.
The rest
will follow.
Reed.
This is Hamri Al-Assad.
Mr. Pollock is our
deputy chief of staff.
How do you do?
Hello, sir.
If you wouldn't
mind getting comfortable
behind the podium,
I'd like to speak
to Reed for
a minute, please.
Of course.
Mr. Al-Assad?
ASSAD:
Yes.
Would you like to review
the teleprompter copy
before you rehearse?
ASSAD:
That would be fine.
I've been trying to reach
Tom for the past hour.
Is there something
I should know?
Something you should
know, Mr. President?
Reed...
I know how Tom feels
about this address,
but I was under
the impression
that he put
his opposition
aside and was working with me
to make this policy succeed.
Well, I-I'm sure that that's a
valid impression, Mr. President.
Then he'll be here.
Yes. Yes, sir, he will,
he will be here.
Good.
(alarm blaring)
(alarm stops)
You try that again and I'll
kill you, you understand?
I should kill
you anyway.
With the President dead,
nobody's going to think too hard
about why his chief of staff
hanged himself.
All right.
Here we go for rehearsal.
I'm gonna go and check
on Tom, Mr. President.
I'll give you a
seven-second countdown.
The last four seconds
will be silent.
All right, here we go
in seven...
six... five...
What is this?
Bomb!
Mr. President!
(alarm blaring)
Let's go.
Fan out. Find him.
Got him!
Code 5 in Sector Three.
The Citadel has
been hit.
Send a medical team.
I repeat, Citadel is down.
Send a medical team now.
Captioning sponsored by
20TH CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org